Add pop! info for local development (#5)
w3f/educhain: docs/install.md

          Print help
```

## pop! CLI

> If you wish to run the chain locally, complete with a local relay and parachain, install the [`pop-cli`](https://github.com/r0gue-io/pop-cli?tab=readme-ov-file#install), which can be used with the Zombienet configuration inside `zombienet-config` called `devnet.toml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`pop-cli`](https://github.com/r0gue-io/pop-cli?tab=readme-ov-file#install) can be used to spin up a local development network with a parachain and relay chain setup, which can be configured in `devnet.toml` file inside `zombienet-config`.
```
